Client/Server-Authentication POC Example in go - Server
=======================================================

This is the server part of my POC playtest authentication mockup.
To play around with some classes and test ideas. It has no persistence
between invocations.

It currently mocks the following actions:

1. register user account
2. request password token for a registered user
3. validate an existing token

Register user account
---------------------

Any unauthenticated connection can register an account. There is no
authentication bootstrapping protocol implemented yet.

Request password token
----------------------

The tokens generated by the server are not bearer tokens, but to be
used instead of the password. Since the server actually keeps track of
them, they are not session tokens either.

But having a limited lifetime, they are marginally safer to cache for
the client cli.

Validate token
--------------

Just a URI that can be accessed with basic auth and will return 204 if
the username/token combination was accepted.

Remarks
=======

At any time, the master branches of client and server may or may not
compile or be able to talk to each other. Client and server built from
the same tag should however.

TLS Setup
=========

The server requires an SSL certificate. A script to generate a basic one
is included. Set `localhost` as CN, all other fields are meaningless for
this.
There is also a lot of information about this on the net. Just stay
cautious you do not accidentally turn 3 lines of Perl into an industry
that then plagues the rest of the world.
Copy the server certificate over to the client so it will not get a
hissy-fit for encountering a self-signed cert.
